Speaker 1  0:08  
Hey, Sam, how you going? Yeah, very well. Thanks for joining. Have you been? Yeah, I was just in. I play a lot of tennis. Actually, I was just at a comp last night. You play doesn't

Speaker 1  0:32  
matter. I tell you what, me and my friends pixel, we played a little bit when I was younger in high school, then kind of we all dropped out of it, but then me and my friends went to the courts about a year ago, and we all just caught the bug for tennis again, and we just started playing every week. Every week got super competitive, and now we're playing cops all the time, and it's just like, yeah, yeah. And it's just such a good sport for not only keeping fit, but for being social too. So such a good social sport. And you can super good for longevity to like, I really enjoy it. Yeah, it's so good. Um, yeah. I mean, thanks for jumping on the call. Like, there's a super relaxed call. I'd just been reaching out to people. I actually started using LinkedIn Sales Navigator. Have you? Have you been using that before? Have you had any experience

Unknown Speaker  1:35  
with it? Yeah, well, for me, like

Speaker 2  1:40  
and yeah. It's um, that's why, you know, I just like

Unknown Speaker  1:48  
to see what people are building, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:55  
as well. I help them connect

Unknown Speaker  1:58  
with anyone in my network, all that stuff.

Speaker 1  2:01  
Oh, that's so cool. I mean, that's such a, such a cool position that I want to be in at some stage. But again, like, just like you said before, I'm on the receiving end. So I'm that founder. I'm doing the building, and, you know, wearing lots of different hats at the moment. Have you been involved in or invest in any companies this year and with any you know, can you tell me about any of the stuff you

Speaker 2  2:22  
completely different. None of them are in gaming. The gaming is just because I used to be, I used to be a founder on the gaming side, back in the days. This is 2017, and eSports startup, and which was a platform for to run tournaments like, you know, old school, like pubg, Dota type of stuff. We found that type of stuff.

Unknown Speaker  2:46  
This was back in the days 2017

Speaker 2  2:51  
startups. And the last five weeks I've been in in web three side of things, Blockchain, crypto, yeah, that's so I just podcast and that. And then sometimes I choose, like founders in that and help them that there's a pitch and delivery of speaking. And so for me and my co founder in this business, we run like some sort of workshop for them to help us, and then we give them

Speaker 1  3:24  
feedback on it. That's so nice. So that's,

Unknown Speaker  3:27  
that's what we do. But

Speaker 2  3:29  
I think it's, it's not the startups are investing in new range from developer tools to FinTech to portfolio management system for funds like hedge funds, crypto funds on that.

Speaker 1  3:48  
Yeah, interesting. I know. I mean, it's a great it's a great thing you're doing too. Because I think for founders, especially, you know, when you start building products in the early days, you build a lot of product, but you don't have many opportunities to contextualize, actually, what you're working on and speak to people about, you know, the unique insights you have all the stuff that you want to test, right? I've only just started, because I've built a product before, I missed all that, and that was sort of one of the reasons why it didn't work. So you just weren't talking to enough enough people. Because the common denominator is, talking to people, right? So, you know, getting that opportunity, reaching out to people, like, yeah, through sales now, but I've just connected. I'm not in the gaming industry myself. Like, it's not something that, oh no, no. Like, like, my product is in the gaming industry, but my like, So, I am in the industry like now, but it's not like the pedigree that I've had. It's just so happens that the insights and the hypotheses that I have been that my product is yet an online crypto casino where people can play casino games to receive instant discounts on whatever they're purchasing, right? So, yeah, I mean, it's, I've just been reaching out to people. I'm not in the I haven't been in history, but in the last few months, I've been reaching out to people through sales. Now I connected with like, 100 people yesterday, just through LinkedIn, just saying, Look, I'm working on this. Would you be interested in having a look? And I've just been making, having lots of calls like this, and talking it through and just connecting with people who

Unknown Speaker  5:27  
see it. How many

Unknown Speaker  5:29  
calls did you get? Oh, well, it's really interesting. So

Speaker 1  5:33  
I've been using sales. Now there is a one month free trial. I've only been using literally a month, because I've just finished building the product, and because it's me that's only working full time on this, so I've got to do product build, then I've got to talk to customers and talk to investors. So oh my god, it takes so long. So look, so I started using sales now for the first time, and you get one month free trial, and you have LinkedIn inbox, and you have sales nav inbox, right? But the good thing about sales nav is you can create lead lists, basically, if you want to reach out to I gaming VCs, or I gaming marketers. And so I connected all these people. And to be honest, because I like to think that my little like one line pitch was was attracted a lot of interest. I created the first online casino that allowed people to get discounts using our people. People love that. So I got a lot of connections, right? The problem wasn't because there's two different inboxes. I was getting a lot of connections, but I wasn't getting any messages through LinkedIn. And then I realized that they were all going to sales now inbox. And so what happened was, like, two weeks later, I'm like, why? I don't know why. I haven't really got that many messages. And I go into my inbox yesterday and I see like 35 messages back saying, hey, like, this is really interesting. We'd love to jump on a call. So only now am I looking to, like, lining up these, these, these meetings, like with people like yourself. So for right now, I think from 100 probably, yeah, probably, like, probably 30 to 35% of people got back. And maybe, like, of those 35 maybe half of them are lining up meetings for this week and next week. And it's kind of a mix of people. It's people, yeah, people in Angel investors, legal people in the gaming industry, people who experience in scaling products, because I built products before, but in the gaming industry, it's going to be very advantageous to have someone who is an operator too, who knows how to scale products too. So that's also what I'm looking out for. So yeah, that's I've had really great experience. So yeah, I mean working, yeah, in interest of time, sorry, I have a habit of talking, talking, talking. So what if you got your phone there? I'll get you to a if you have your phone, I'll actually get you to type in the demo and you can have A play yourself, because you can actually,

Unknown Speaker  8:05  
yeah, okay, yeah.

Speaker 1  8:35  
You okay, great, great, great. So what I'll do is I'll just tell you to go to Chrome or, sorry, just any browser that you have that you use. Yeah, yeah. Just go on whatever you use, and then just type in in the URL, play disco, dot app, and then slash demo you

Speaker 1  9:22  
Yeah, yeah, yeah, sweet. Okay, so it'll load and you'll see the homepage. So pretty much, like, before you start the demo, like, I want to tell you a little bit about, like, my insights and my hypotheses that I have. So we're early stage, but the insights that I've noticed recently is that people are becoming very receptive to gambling and betting, and it's becoming, like, more pervasive in everyday life. Here in

Unknown Speaker  9:49  
Australia, yeah, I'm in Sydney.

Unknown Speaker  9:55  
Yeah, it's great place, yeah. And it's,

Speaker 1  9:59  
yeah, it's, oh yeah. So it's, it's becoming, and I'm, you know, for example, even on social media, there's so many videos of people gambling, state, common rain bet, sponsoring everything you've got, the advent of poly market. Have you seen the prediction markets where people are betting on, yeah.

Unknown Speaker  10:19  
And then there's a, there's another,

Unknown Speaker  10:29  
there's another one. I forgot the name

Speaker 1  10:35  
kalshi, yes, yes, that's the other biggest competitor, which is, I think, exactly the same thing, just a different platform.

Unknown Speaker  10:45  
Oh, really, yeah, in revenue and all that. Wow.

Speaker 1  10:49  
Because I think, you know, they had a really interesting insight, and they've been around for five, six years now. But I think, similar to me, they bet on the commoditization of gambling, where more people were, you know, when it used to be a taboo, 1015, years ago, it's now becoming something that is regularly discussed. If you engage in it's kind of not that, it's not that frown, right? So disco is really a an addition to that. So my hypothesis, really based on that insight, is that I believe and I see a future where people will actually be willing to bet to pay for their future purchases, to get discounts on what they buy in the hope of getting discounts in the future. Yes, Exactly So, through disco and so the reason why I've built disco is because and create an online casino is because that's the best way to test it. So disco is the first online casino where you can play casino games to receive instant discounts on whatever you're buying, right? So you can scan anything that you have, disco will use AI to retrieve what the image is and return what the item market price is. And then that data will be visible at the top of your casino game. And when you upload money to your wallet, you'll be able to play for for a discount on whatever you're buying. So you'll be able to actually stake the amount, the cost, amount of the item. And then you'll be able to play games to effectively try and win the cost of that item back, so you effectively get it

Speaker 2  12:26  
for free. And what? Sorry, and what would that game be? You know, you say that?

Unknown Speaker  12:30  
Yes, exactly. So wait, so

Speaker 1  12:33  
on disco right now we have lots of different games. So we have, like, just a regular coin flip, we have Blackjack, we have minds and so they're all contextualized in different ways. So do you have anything so anything branded or anything you've recently bought around you right now? Yeah, this sure one. Okay, so just so open up. So we'll do it together. So open up.

Unknown Speaker  13:00  
Yeah, take a photo of it right now

Speaker 1  13:03  
and make sure I and then. And then what, what it will do is, it'll, it'll analyze, yes, yeah, it's analyzing it right now. So what that does is this goes AI, retrieves what the prime is, what what the item is, and the market price of it based on where you are in the world. So geolocate whether in Australia, US to retrieve the most accurate price. And then once it's done that,

Speaker 1  13:31  
yeah. So then, from there, you can, you can start playing casino games to try and win that bat of so effectively, getting it for free. So feel free to, like, Have a play around so you can go through.

Unknown Speaker  13:46  
Have you played blackjack before?

Unknown Speaker  13:50  
I kind of know the rules.

Speaker 1  13:52  
Okay, let me, let me. What I'll do is, so you kind of get the concept. What I'll do is, I'll, I'll share, yeah, play, yeah, have a play. So you've got, you've got to get to 21 you've got to hit or stand, and then the amount that you bet contributes to getting to getting the item for free. So you've got the bar at the top, you've got the item, and you've got the discount bar, and you want to try and get, how do I say I'm happy? Oh, then you just stand. So there's four buns.

Unknown Speaker  14:29  
Yeah, 20 is good. 20 is good. So you just

Unknown Speaker  14:33  
Yeah. So just press stand, and then

Unknown Speaker  14:35  
it should go, yeah. So that's what I mean,

Unknown Speaker  14:40  
yeah, I won, yeah.

Speaker 1  14:42  
So then, like, it sounds up, and that would be whatever cryptocurrency that you put in, and then you would have just won your sure mic for free from disco. Yeah. So this disco allows people to play for discounts on anything. So my vision, really is that people will be going out to bars. They will be going out to do their weekly shop, and they will think, oh, like, it's a little expensive. I'll just play for a quick 10% discount, 20% discount, and they will stake whatever they're playing for. And so, of course, disco is predictable. Revenue model means that we have like, a 99% RTP on it, which means the return to player value is that for every $100,000 that's put a disco, for example, we get $1,000 back in revenue, because enough so we have a slight house edge. So it uses gambling mechanics for people to give discounts. And it's pretty much the first product ever that contextualizes.

Unknown Speaker  15:37  
I want the whole price back. So it's all for

Unknown Speaker  15:41  
nothing, isn't it? Nothing, isn't it?

Speaker 1  15:43  
Yeah, you received 100% discount. You got it

Speaker 2  15:46  
for free, yeah? So I thought discounted, like, you know, you're playing for a discount, watch code or something like that, yeah.

Speaker 1  15:53  
I think, I think that's a good point, actually, the the connotations of discount, I think I need to remove, because I think it's, you know, it's, you're playing for money back. You're playing for the item for free,

Speaker 2  16:11  
you know, like bullies or like discount code or something on a daily whatever. Oh, right. No, no, no. Giving coupons and discount codes. And so there is, you either lose nothing or you get a discount code. So I kept on thinking it that way.

Speaker 1  16:27  
Okay, yeah, that makes sense. And so, but how do you feel now, knowing

Unknown Speaker  16:31  
that you're gambling real money?

Speaker 2  16:34  
Um, I don't know. I don't know. I feel like this is just like so, yeah, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  16:46  
yeah, it's definitely

Unknown Speaker  16:52  
something like that. I didn't need to upload a picture

Speaker 2  16:56  
of my mic and all that. It's just gambling with extra steps. That's how it feels. Yeah.

Speaker 1  17:03  
Okay, interesting. Interesting, yes. So, I guess, with what it is, kind of gambling with extra steps, I think what I'm what the what I'm really trying to test, so the hypothesis that I have, really, and it is like it's a pre seed product, you know, that we just open up under a ground, yeah, of course. So we've apologies for that. Let me just remove that. Yeah. So because the pre seed product, like we have, as you know, early stage hypotheses, the biggest hypotheses we have is that, will people actually be willing to gamble on stuff that they're buying in real time, or that they've already bought. So like for us, for me right now, what I want to test is it's not really about that gamble.

Speaker 2  17:50  
Would do that? I don't gamble with my money, but I'm giving, so I wouldn't. So I played poker in Argentina recently.

Unknown Speaker  18:05  
Yeah, I love Parker poker. So much fun. Yeah.

Speaker 2  18:08  
So it was like 100 people. The first person got, like a Rolex, like a 10k, wow, but I didn't have a buy in. It was an amazing life, musician, amazing food and drinks and cocktails and stuff and an amazing atmosphere out of the world, but I didn't have to pay a buy, and if there was a fine, I would

Speaker 1  18:33  
not be playing. Yeah, right, so I guess you're just not a

Unknown Speaker  18:39  
spend. Like, even when I went to Vegas, I

Speaker 2  18:43  
spent my own money on gambling, so I wouldn't, regardless of so it's not, I'm not a good,

Speaker 1  18:54  
yeah, you're not a good youth kid, I understand. Yeah, yeah. That makes sense,

Unknown Speaker  18:58  
yeah, yeah, and it's, it's not for everyone.

Speaker 1  19:12  
Yeah, it's an interesting point you make, because the product is not for everyone. You know, not everyone likes to gamble, but a lot, a lot of people do. So the our target market will be people who are already gambling. Will they be more interested in the contextualization of gambling for something that they've actually bought or they're buying, rather than just gambling for money, right?

Unknown Speaker  19:42  
So, yeah, yeah, they might be looking

Speaker 2  19:48  
people to gamble on anything. I mean, this is just like that, yeah, but yeah, or data, but

Speaker 1  19:55  
yeah, yeah. I think so so like, stuff will wait that we want to test like, how? So, when we're doing it, we're raising 600,000 US dollars for our proceed, and with the things we're testing, like I said, it's not focused on scaling. We're more just trying to validate the behavioral truth around whether people will gamble for things right? Once, if we can establish that, then this could be a huge company. This could be a huge billion dollar casino where people are people are coming on with the idea of, okay, I want to gamble for my groceries. I want to gamble for this headphones that I have, rather than thinking, Okay, I just want to gamble for $100 or $200 and I think what I'm also interested in testing is removing the taboo of gambling even more. So I think because you gamble just for money, it's kind of a little more taboo. But once you start saying, Oh, well, I'm not gambling for money, I'm just want a little discount on something, it's sort of changing the narrative a bit around how you're how you're gambling. So for us, we want to test four things. Really, play frequency. Do players play more than once? Because we want to know, is it a novelty, or is it behavior, right? Are they just coming on, just a tester, or are they thinking, Okay, no, I definitely want to come back and try and win another thing for free, right? The other thing is purchase, context, attachment rate. So do people play more compared to when there's no contextualization? This would validate, like our pretty much our core insight, right? Contextual gambling increases engagement and then scan to play time. So you said that this like gambling with extra steps, totally true. We want to find out how fast can a user go from scanning to playing. If it's a short time, then we can have short friction, strong conversion rates, which is which is exciting, and then the other love. The last thing is social link. So what percentage of early users are sharing their wins? Share feature is really important, because once people have finished and they've won, disco, pretty much totally relies on virality. So when someone's won, we want to know whether they get the feeling of, oh my God, I've just won my sure pot, my sure Mike, for free? Am I going to share it with all my friends and tell so we'd like to find that out too. So that's really what we're going to be funding, and we're pretty much raising from people who are also interested in answering these questions. So we're interested in commoditization of gaming. They see the future. They see the hyper capitalization of everything and thinking, look, gaming is going to become more normalized, and we want to be involved in that.

Unknown Speaker  22:48  
Yeah, definitely, definitely, yeah.

Speaker 2  22:52  
So that's, that's, yeah, that's really cool. So, yeah. So that's, that's all I have to go in like, six, seven minutes.

Unknown Speaker  23:02  
The Yeah,

Speaker 1  23:05  
I mean, I mean, I'm trying to think, like, if there's anything that, I mean, it's not a product that, like, the, say, you would use, I mean, for you, and just just as a, as a complete, just, just just off the record thing. So why wouldn't it be something that you would

Speaker 2  23:20  
invest in, because that's what it seems.

Unknown Speaker  23:24  
Okay. Fair enough. Yeah, fair enough. Okay,

Speaker 2  23:30  
money in. I do gamble, but then when there is no downside,

Speaker 1  23:35  
that's the thing. So I had a someone who

Unknown Speaker  23:40  
was also interested in this, and

Speaker 1  23:42  
we were kind of contentious, both product builders, both contentious on that exact point. Would people be interested in the downside part, risking the downside for the upside? My other product person was like, No, they wouldn't. And so he left the project right, but I'm still interested in it, because he probably, like, you wouldn't play, but there are many, many people out there. Yeah. So it's a so it's interesting. Yeah, yeah, exactly. So, yeah, I mean, yeah, that's, that's interesting. So for do you, is there anyone potentially, in your in your network, who would be interested in a product like this? Do you

Speaker 2  24:26  
think potentially? I don't know. I am connected with quite a few investors and stuff, but I do, like, I don't abuse like, any context. So I give them for people who have gone through like, you know, Speaker training and everything through like being on the podcast, have that relationship with them, sure, and I'll help them out with Speaker training is free as well. So people who have done that and all that, and I just select, say, one or two founders in my network, especially those who have raised a lot or doing something, I mean, who have got lot of traction. Yeah, sure, I keep it for them, because it's like, as soon as I send them something, especially if it's a good like, it has to fit around the niche. It has to fit around valuation. It has to fit around geography, all that was somehow like, you know, they only invest in all these startups, or they have their own criteria. So it's like a it has to fit all the criteria, and then if it doesn't fit any of those things, then it's not gonna be responsive the following time. And that's

Speaker 1  25:40  
important for you, because you're the one that's sending them on and, like, that's your reputation, too. So that makes sense. So I guess one my last question would be, so, because you've heard a lot of pitches and stuff, you know, what would be something that I could add or something that I could change that would kind of get down to the, you know, I could find out earlier or better about sort of the the investor, or what I could change about my pitch.

Speaker 2  26:07  
I'm asking more questions earlier on as well, finding out what you did really good job. You did. Ask me about what type of startups are invested in, so finding out that if they have invested in any invested in any like gaming industry or gambling type apps and and also, if they have an interest in this field, if they do

Unknown Speaker  26:36  
gamble themselves.

Speaker 2  26:39  
So did they play black jack? Any poker, anything? And it could be anything for money, yeah, finding out those type of things. And then

Speaker 1  26:49  
that's actually, that's important, actually, because if they don't gamble, this would, they wouldn't be interested.

Unknown Speaker  26:57  
Okay, yeah, so, so, yeah,

Speaker 2  26:59  
so, finding that out earlier on, and asking questions around, what gaps if they do handle if they have a good insight of this whole space, then finding out from there, then where have they seen gaps in this industry before showing your product, because then they are not already thinking in this direction And if they like your product, and asking them what would be one or two reasons that would stop them from using this app, and also asking them around questions around like, what would be one or two reasons why they would think this app won't do well, and why? Also the other way, why do they think this app would do well? So just getting as many insights.

Speaker 1  27:43  
Okay, yeah, okay, great. That's, I mean, super helpful. I really appreciate, appreciate that. Sam, like, thanks for taking your time. Yeah, I'll let you. I'll let you get off. No, of course, yeah, go. Go for it. I appreciate you jumping on. We'll keep in touch. I'm keen to see what else you're posting. You post some cool stuff I saw you,

Speaker 2  28:08  
like, see ground or something. Do meet up. Back to me. I would love to host the podcast and stuff, and then maybe after it around, if you're raising sea ground and stuff,

Speaker 1  28:17  
100% I'd love to, I'd love to be on the podcast, but I've got more insight into industry, and we've got some we've got some early users, that'd be great, yeah,

Speaker 2  28:26  
some funding or something, and then, and then we have, like a story to me to talk about

Speaker 1  28:32  
excellent No, I'd love that. Thanks, Sam. I appreciate it. Best of luck. Thanks. Bye. You.

Unknown Speaker  29:55  
You Rich? This I Will

Unknown Speaker  30:48  
holy shot you

Unknown Speaker  31:54  
looks like.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
