Speaker 1  0:00  
Yeah, it must be, it must be some sort of keyword on your profile. But it also seems like, you know, you you seems like you have lots of lots of experience in the i gaming, in the lottery and crypto space. So, you know, so and a lot of it's a big industry, a very competitive industry, so I'm sure lots of people are reaching out to you for advice and stuff. So, yeah, it's super interesting. I've never, never before, would you have thought that you could reach out to someone who may have a vested interest in the thing that you're working on so quickly and meet so fast, like, it's, it's, it's crazy, yeah, so what made you so, I guess you get, guys get, like, a lot of DMS and what, what made you sort of jump on the call? What made you interested, about, about, about having a chat?

Speaker 2  0:49  
Yeah, well, I'm, in general, very interested, you know, in new projects that might have, like, a unique USB so, so yeah, I'm looking for something like that. And as you might see, I was working, for example, with hydro that went crazy one time in the US.

Unknown Speaker  1:06  
What was the name of the company?

Speaker 2  1:08  
It was hydro. So it was like mystery boxes, vertical. Oh, wow, yeah. And we were doing really great, you know, in terms of, in terms of the community that we build and the revenue that we generated over like, a very short period of time.

Speaker 1  1:28  
Wow, so, so were you, were you a founder partner, or, like, a founder, a founder of the of the company, or did like, did you like, what, what was your role in?

Speaker 2  1:38  
No, I was actually a CMO, so I was responsible for driving the acquisition there. Like, I was responsible for marketing strategy, building the team. Basically, like managing the whole marketing, and then CRM and develop also, like developing a product itself,

Speaker 1  1:59  
okay, yeah. Because, as you know, as you know, like developing early stage products, you've got to do a bit of both. You've got to have good context over the product. But also, have you know, you know, way funnels over like context, over like the marketing funnels and the go to market strategies,

Speaker 2  2:17  
yeah, exactly. And the thing that you are doing is basically really good at the early stage, because you talk to people you actually, I'm not sure if, for example, like some sort of a streamers are also on your list, but should be, yeah, if you obviously crypto casino is mainly driving ridden by crypto streamers. So sometimes feedback from them is also, like, very, very good, you know, because they have to, at the end, they have to spend, like, you know, a couple of hours every, let's say, every week on your platform. So it's, it's critical for them to be not bored.

Speaker 1  2:59  
Yeah, yeah, and so, and they're obviously a massive part of acquiring, of customer acquisition for early casinos, right? Because, because of the regulatory nature of the product, it means that you can't advertise in regular means you have to sort of rely almost solely on affiliates. I mean, what? What experience did you find in what? Sorry, what was the name of the like, The Mystery Box Company?

Speaker 3  3:26  
Yeah, it was hydro. High drop.

Unknown Speaker  3:30  
High drop. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  3:32  
check out the name on my LinkedIn profile. Let's

Speaker 1  3:35  
have a look. I love, I love a quick I didn't. Okay. Hype. Drop. Oh, cool. Okay, what was the like, the UI of the product? What what did? What was the USP and what made users, you know, so sticky to it, so early on in such a short space of time?

Unknown Speaker  3:53  
Yeah, so basically,

Unknown Speaker  3:56  
the unique point at hydro was,

Unknown Speaker  4:00  
was basically like

Speaker 2  4:03  
the price of the box. For example, if you go to the traditional online casino and and you register yourself, you can, you can enter any game, and your maximum spin value will be like $100 $200 and then you need to access a VIP. Then that you need to provide some extra verification that you might be a VIP, and then you might be able to open, sorry, like a spin, spin as a game for higher values.

Speaker 1  4:36  
Okay, yes, so you have to get to that level first before you can start playing for more, yeah,

Speaker 2  4:41  
or somebody from the company has to find you or recognize you as a VIP, and then you basically get the access with hydro. The unique thing that creates a lot of dopamine for for people is that you can just enter the site, register yourself, make a deposit, and then you all, you can open the box that is worth 50k per spin. So, as you can imagine, you can create, let's say, a bottle that is worth, like, a half million of half of million of dollar, or 1 million of dollar, you know, just like that.

Speaker 1  5:16  
Wow, that's crazy, yeah. And so what? And so what was the products typically in the boxes, yeah,

Speaker 2  5:24  
it's like, Ferrari, Lamborghini, wow, luxury stuff. Yeah, that's so basically, like, you know, yeah, exactly so. So there is, like, instant recognition in terms of the gratification,

Speaker 1  5:37  
I think, and with, with, with success of these products, one of the things that, one of the metrics that I want to test early on is the time from when the user first gets on to when they actually, of course, finish or receive their reward. I think that's if, from a UI perspective, it's so important that the the friction is minimal, and especially you will know with a company that much like disco, contextualizes betting with real world purchases, you need to make sure that that contextualization is short and fast, so then they can get to the betting part, where they can receive not only physical rewards, but also their rewards in brain chemistry, right?

Unknown Speaker  6:23  
Yeah. I see, I see, yeah.

Speaker 1  6:27  
So, I mean, it's interesting that you've, you know, you're because just yeah, just like hype drop. One of the things that I'm really interested in exploring is that contextualization of everyday goods with gambling. So like, for me, one of the unique insights, and it's really a natural progression that I've felt to going into the gaming industry just based on the on the insights that I've found and what I've experienced over the last few months, and what actually led me to creating this online casino, I have just noticed that people are just becoming and I actually, you know, like like you to maybe weigh in on this too, but I've noticed that people are becoming more and more receptive to gambling and betting and the taboos that were around Maybe 10 or 15 years ago are becoming more diminished, and we're finding that there's this hyper capitalization of society where everyone is trying to make a quick dollar here and there. And so a natural progression of that is gambling, where you do have the hope of making money, right? And so our natural inference there is gambling will become, you know, potentially, a commoditized, everyday thing. And so that is really the bet that I'm taking with a product like disco. So my so some of the empirical examples that I've seen is, in fact, the biggest one. I'll just Just name one. But poly market, you're familiar, of course, with the success of poly market in Cal she a crazy, crazy phenomenon, pseudo gambling, where prediction markets and people are willing to bet effectively. You know, you can call it whatever you want about it being similar to the stock market, but it is betting, but willing to bet on political events and popular trends. What an amazing phenomenon. And so Disco's premise is really, in addition to that, in the through people becoming more receptive, I believe that people will be willing to bet and to wager money to receive quote, unquote discounts or money back on everyday purchases that they're making, right? So, so that's exactly what I've done with this product in with disco, right? So the how the product works is disco is pretty much the first online casino where users can play casino games to ban any purchase that they make. So disco uses, and this is really only available as a result of the advent of AI, because disco uses AI Image Analysis technology to scan whatever they're buying in any circumstance, disco analyzes the image to retrieve two things, what the item is and how much the item costs, based on the geolocation of the person, based on market data that the LLM has, and then that data is contextualized at the top of their screen, and they Play casino games, Blackjack. At the moment, we have blackjack coin flip mines to effectively try and win that item for free. So do you have your phone? Your phone there with you?

Unknown Speaker  9:55  
Just a second. I

Unknown Speaker  10:11  
yeah, I have, but I have turned it on.

Speaker 1  10:13  
That's right. No rush. I'll just it's better than, rather than me just showing you, I can just give you the demo link, and we can go through it. And if you have something near you that you know you've recently bought, or something branded, just get that near you and then we can you can have a quick play just to see if you can effectively win that item for free through disco.

Speaker 2  10:36  
Okay, so I'm turning on the phone because it was off.

Unknown Speaker  10:41  
Yeah, interesting, interesting.

Unknown Speaker  10:45  
And I'm wondering about like,

Speaker 1  10:53  
one thing, it's because for me, you know, I wasn't, I don't know if it was necessarily my intention to to get into creating something like this. Well, I'm a, I'm a, like, a software developer. I build like workflow automations and web apps and things, and I just started fleshing this out. Initially, it was a plugin where it would plug in at checkout and people could play games to receive quote, unquote discounts. But then, you know, there's the problems with that. Are no product autonomy. The problem with that is you would have to ask permission from merchants to integrate into the platform. You would have, you know, Spotify, Shopify and WooCommerce sort of have monopoly over that stuff. It's very hard to integrate stuff into the checkout these days because there's there's duopoly on integrating those sorts of proper, those sorts of products. So with a standalone platform, there's no restrictions on what can be played and how it can be played, and users can pick it up at any time, as opposed to having to be on selected stores, right? So that's sort of how I came about. This, this, this original MVP.

Unknown Speaker  12:05  
Yeah, right. And did you? Did you build everything yourself,

Speaker 1  12:08  
or built it myself? Totally, built it myself. Okay, okay,

Unknown Speaker  12:11  
cool, because I was, yeah.

Speaker 2  12:14  
And the like, all these games are basically like your games. You're not getting like, any providers involved into this

Speaker 1  12:22  
not, not at this stage. No, that would be, that would be a good goal for the future, just because players have association with certain types of games and certain types of slots and they are familiar with them. Then contextualizing it with a product with a car with a watch that they want. What I think would only add to the stickiness of using the platform, right? So I would have to figure that out in the future. So, yeah, if you've got your phone there, you can type in into the URL, play disco dot app, and then

Unknown Speaker  13:01  
slash demo, okay. Slash demo, yeah.

Speaker 1  13:07  
And so you get to the screen there at the front, and you have the big call to action at the front, which is bet on any purchase you make. And you can straight away add an item. Right now, it takes you straight to Blackjack, so you can click on add an item, and any item that you have near you, that you've bought recently, that's branded that you want to play for. Click on, add your item, then go to camera, take a photo of what you're buying and then upload it to disco, and disco will analyze it using AI and the, I guess, the the assumption, the vision for this product is with the commoditization of of betting. I want people, and this will probably play into your strengths about you know, where you think people would use this, what adoption would look like. My assumption is, and my vision, really, for this product, is people going out on a night out for a drink for dinner, scanning their receipts for the dinner they had, scanning the beers that they had, for the boys. All the boys around playing a game on disco to see if they can get their night for free, and if they lose. Well, they just got some fun and the dopamine rush of playing and being together and being social. If they win, wow, then they got their night for free. You know, it's, that's, that's really the, the use case that I'm, I'm really interested in. So what did you end up scanning?

Speaker 2  14:36  
Yeah, so I clicked CTA, and then I don't really have an

Speaker 3  14:43  
abroad function, oh, an upload function.

Speaker 2  14:46  
I cannot take a photo. I can basically only upload the photo from the photos that I have in

Speaker 1  14:52  
if you do have something recently in your photos that you could you could play for anything,

Speaker 2  14:58  
because most of the photos are the screenshots from pages.

Speaker 1  15:02  
Okay, okay. What I'll do is, look, look, I'll, um. What I'll do is, I'll share my I'll share my screen. Or maybe you can, maybe you can just try and figure out from the from IKEA. Okay, sweet. Let's see if, let's see if disco picks up the the product for my kids. Oh, great. So it'll read it easy, yeah, so it reads it easy, so have a

Unknown Speaker  15:28  
dealer and your hand. Okay,

Unknown Speaker  15:32  
okay, and I can bet $10

Speaker 1  15:36  
yes, so with the betting function, and this is something that I'll develop, that we'll be developing over time, which is the the betting amount is really supposed to tied to the amount that you want to take off. So maybe you only want to play for 10% maybe you want to play for 50% it's really in the hands of the buyer as to how much they play for with user interface that is still familiar to them what they've played on steak or rainbow or jewel or jewel bits, anything.

Unknown Speaker  16:07  
Yeah. Okay, so I have bet amount like 100%

Speaker 2  16:14  
Yes, wait or Yeah, and the price of the item that I uploaded was basically like a 180 gallon. Okay, she's roughly like a $40 and the bet amount is like a $10 sweet. So Okay, let's Okay, yeah, but when I click Pay, nothing happens. Okay, so there was a lag, a little bit of lag, yeah, and suddenly I have like a four I placed that four times, oh, what? Four times quickly. And it took, yeah, it took, like, a $40 Oh, crazy, yeah. The animation is like, so fast that I didn't even see if I won or not.

Speaker 1  17:02  
Oh, what? That's crazy. That's so funny. It must have been, yeah, it's always happens in the in the demos, some stuff like, goes slower or faster, but maybe, just, maybe just play another, another, another hand or something, if you are just so, so it catches up. That's, um, that's just a latency issue on the on the UI could be fixed pretty easy. Yeah.

Speaker 2  17:27  
Okay, so I click play, and after like four seconds, I'm getting the cards.

Speaker 1  17:33  
Wow, it's quite a long time. Yeah. So it really needs to be, of course, like on a production app, it wouldn't it would need to be to the industry standard, of course.

Speaker 2  17:50  
Okay, I keep it and the same like five seconds. I need to wait. Okay, let's stand on that.

Unknown Speaker  18:00  
And so, yeah. So really,

Speaker 1  18:04  
the again, like, the hypothesis that I have, what I'm really, what do we really want to test for with the MVP and the we, I mean, we're just starting a fundraise for this. We're opening a first fundraising round for this, this product, and the thing that we really want to test, it's not really about getting scale at this stage. It's about testing consumer behavior, right? So the thing that I really want to test is, Are people more interested in or will, will the use of a casino be higher if someone has the contextualization of a product that they're actually buying in real life. So yeah, so that's yeah, that's, that's, that's really the hypothesis that I want to test, right?

Speaker 2  18:59  
Yeah? I just yeah. I remember when I was at the poker tournament, like two years ago. I remember that this community was actually betting on anything sit down first, for example, like something like that. So basically, like anything that you can imagine, they were willing to bet. And I just, you know, when you said that you can bet on any verses you make, I just, you know, go back to this memory from, from that specific tournament where, where I meet people that were willing to bet on anything.

Speaker 1  19:33  
Wow. So people at the poker table were just talking to each other, saying, I'll bet on this. I'll bet on that.

Speaker 2  19:39  
Yeah, that's yeah, just because, if you play poker tournament, you have like, a breaks, and, let's say you have a 15 minutes break, and then you are bored, because anything and they are bored, like, almost like, instantly, obviously, that was my first, first poker to poker tournament, so I don't really play play poker or anything like that. Was like, it was like, for fun, yeah, and, and, yeah. There was a group of people who were actually, like, a professional poker players, and they were, wow, you know, during those breaks, they were able to discuss, you know, any type of bets between, between the

Unknown Speaker  20:21  
games. That's so funny on anything.

Speaker 2  20:23  
So, yeah, that's, that's basically like, connection that, yeah,

Speaker 1  20:28  
that's so interesting and honest, like, that is sort of the behavior that I really want to first find. Whether it's prevalent it all, it already seems like it is. People like betting on stuff that's happening in their everyday life. I want to be able to test how extreme it is, right So, and how much people would be willing to integrate it into sort of their everyday lives. Because if, if people were, if you know, thinking about it going out and just thinking, Oh, maybe I get a discount. You know, it could be a really strong idea. So, but for you, like, as someone who has, like, scaled gaming products before, you know, what is your initial thought on, sort of like, go to market strategy, like, what, what is immediately coming to mind on, like, sort of like a product like this,

Speaker 3  21:23  
yeah, first, like, when I see something like that, I don't really get

Speaker 2  21:34  
impression that this is, this is like something unique at the end, I'm not Getting, I don't want to disappoint you.

Speaker 1  21:42  
Or no, no, no, honestly, honestly, no. There's, like, I, like, actively seeking, like, negative feedback, like, honestly, like, it's, it's much more constructive. And then then just saying, oh yeah. Like, I wish you luck. You know, yeah, so, so. No, no, please go ahead.

Speaker 2  21:59  
Yeah, so, so, for example, like uploading the image before actually placing, placing a bet and then betting on because, like, from my perspective, it like, not necessarily makes sense.

Unknown Speaker  22:18  
I would rather prefer to

Speaker 2  22:22  
find a page where that already have the items that I'm potentially interested or might not be able to afford. Okay, yeah, I don't know, like, my salary is XYZ, and the prices of the items are, like, three, three times my I don't know, like, a weekly or monthly salary, and I'm wondering, okay, I might be not able to get it, but let's say I might have a chance for, I don't know, 10% of the stake or something like that.

Speaker 1  22:50  
Okay, okay, yes, wow, that's actually, yeah, no. That's very interesting. Sorry, carry

Speaker 2  22:58  
on, yeah. Because, like, if I have to take an action, take a photo of something, and then upload this to basically play the game that is like a very normal, classic game that I can play elsewhere, and the rest of the this, basically, I don't really see a connection between the uploading the image, then having this system to figure out, okay, what is the value, etc, and then playing the game. I don't have a feeling that I'm winning or losing that specific item. I have a winning, I have a certain I have a impression that I'm playing money at the end. So, okay, yes, interesting. Yes, I'm not applauding, like my items, so I'm not going to, let's say offline casino with, I don't know, like vino flooring, yeah, and yeah, here's my vinyl flooring. Please deposit it, because I want to play. Yeah, you have to deposit the money at the end. So it's like, yeah, I don't really see a connection here or interesting. No, I'll work like, with some virtual items. Let's say I have a virtual item that everybody recognize. This is a valuable item. Let's say CS GO skin or something like that, and then, okay, give me, give me some credit so I can play on your platform. You know.

Speaker 1  24:26  
Okay, yes, yes, yes. So interesting.

Speaker 2  24:30  
That's why I'm not seeing like, anything like that.

Unknown Speaker  24:33  
Could sound close to USB on that,

Speaker 1  24:37  
yeah, okay, that's not, honestly, that's, that's very interesting. So with the so the connection between the items is, like, not so strong psychologically, like it doesn't feel like you're winning whatever you're winning. Vinyl flooring is not really going to cut it, right, yeah. Okay, no, no, honestly, I that's, it's great. So with, with a hype drop, how did, how did you sort of get into that, you know, how did you sort of meet the founders and, you know, how did that, what was the natural progression of that company, and sort of what was the outcome?

Speaker 2  25:13  
Yeah, so, like, I meet these guys through recruiter. They already had a successful business called CSGO role, which is CSGO skin, like Casino. And at the end, when I joined them, I yeah, they actually struggled to get the scale, because they Yeah, they had the product. They had the boxes, etc, and they had, like, some sort of foundation in terms of the traffic, but they didn't really have a revenue. Like, the revenue was, like, very small, like, close to 10,000 $20,000 per per week, something like that. So it wasn't really, like enough to scale the team, build, build, anything crazy, yeah, so, and at the same time, we recognize, at the, you know, the network of the potential streamers that we had at the time, that there is, there is definitely a market For place like with the higher tickets, let's say higher boxes, higher value boxes. So, so, so that's what that was, basically my, my that plus crypto deposits, like when we allowed people to deposit cryptocurrency, and there was obviously, after covid, there was a massive bull market with crypto, yeah, it was, yeah, it's probably like, at that specific time, it was just crazy,

Speaker 1  26:53  
okay, yeah, yeah. So it was a combination of time, but also, you know, you'd met a you'd met a team, they had this product, but then you had, so what? So when you came into the company, what sort of insights did you bring on, what sort of systems Did you like implement to make sure that they actually did end up having a product and and what ended up happening? Did they sell it? Did you like sell your equity in the company or

Speaker 2  27:15  
No, I actually, I didn't have the equity in the company. So I was, I was basically, like, on the contract at the time, and yeah, and to be honest, like, we took the design to the next level. So when I joined them, they were looking like, like a scam, to be honest, like, yeah, there was like, absolutely zero trust when you visited, like home page. There was like, some boxes that yeah, and there was really, like, no, no factor, like a no trust factor at all, okay, in this page, you know, so it was, it was crazy for me that people already were like, register, you know, with such a platform that just look

Speaker 1  28:11  
like shit, be trusted. Yeah, that's so funny. And what about that? And so I guess, did you cut? Did you work with, like, the UI designers and, like, hire new people.

Speaker 2  28:21  
So I was working with the with the UI team, with the product team,

Unknown Speaker  28:26  
obviously, by team, I mean single people,

Speaker 1  28:29  
yeah, I'm like, I'm the best at doing that. I say, yeah, we've got these people, just, like one person,

Speaker 2  28:39  
but now they have, like, over 100 people in the company. So it's like, wow, yeah, it's crazy.

Speaker 1  28:44  
Yeah, that's so crazy. How's it doing? I guess it's doing well, now very mature, like doing lots of numbers,

Unknown Speaker  28:51  
yeah, yeah. Obviously they have, like,

Speaker 2  28:55  
they had, they had to redefine, like, a couple of things. But the critical part is always a question, how do you keep people coming back to the page? Yeah, because one thing is to get a customer who will register and will play like, three times your Blackjack, but then, okay, it's boring, like, and that person is leaving your page and goes to stake and or somebody, you know, some other pages, and they deposit the money there. Usually people have, like, multiple, multiple accounts. They are willing to try new things. For example, if they find, like, a new platform, they are willing to register and test but they have like, like, let's say main platform where they feel most comfortable depositing the largest

Speaker 1  29:50  
part of the money I see, okay, yeah, that makes sense. That makes sense.

Speaker 2  29:53  
Yeah. So, so, yeah, exactly, so. So, it's really important to have something that will keep people coming back. That was like, free boxes. So we were offering, like, depending on your activity level, three boxes every 24 hours, because we want retention. Like, you know, we don't want people to wait week to come back to us. We want people to come back to us daily, or remember about us daily? Yeah. So, so the higher your level, the more boxes you could open, and the more like a free items you could get, wow, every single day. So, for example, once you reach like, let's, let's say level 10, or something like that, then you could open like a 10 boxes. And obviously, the higher the level, the higher value of the free box that you open every single day. So, for example, if you are VIP, then you have a motivation, because this level 10 box, for example, was like, you could at least open the item work like a 100 bucks every single day.

Speaker 1  30:58  
Yeah, wow. And so that, I mean, super interesting. I mean the because the return look like I can I know how to build products. I know how to like, you know, build the games and build the UI and what I mean, just as an aside, quickly, what about the trust did you feel on disco? Did you feel that it was, to a degree, trustworthy?

Unknown Speaker  31:20  
No. First of all, I was thinking like,

Unknown Speaker  31:26  
no, to be honest, no, like there is like,

Speaker 1  31:31  
No, honestly. Go honestly, if you know, yeah, no, I'm cool.

Unknown Speaker  31:35  
I don't, I don't, I don't

Speaker 2  31:37  
really, because to me, it's just like a page, like any other page that I could, I could see. So, yeah, there is really, like, no trusting factor in terms of like number of users on the page, or any activities that is like, because people want, wants to play on a side that is, like hype, like viral, and there is a lot of people there, you know, there is a, there is some I don't know, like, trusted faces behind the project, or, you know, somebody sponsor this, this page. Or, you know, like, there is, like, a lot of things that you can do that can improve and increase the trust almost instantly when you visit even like, above the fold page, Wow, your mobile

Unknown Speaker  32:31  
one of the, one of the most popular ones,

Speaker 2  32:34  
obviously, like, if you have like, a sponsorship deals, then, yeah, that's, that's, That's That's good, you know, if you have, like, for example, like a trust pilot, like high rank, high rating, you know, that's also a factor. If you are licensed or something like that, then it's also definitely a trust factor. Even, like, when you visit the page and you have like, an icon to contact chat, like 24 hours or seven,

Speaker 1  33:00  
all that stuff. Okay, so those, like, little, very interesting

Speaker 2  33:03  
problem, and, yeah, like, where the contact, like, I don't want to, you know, go and send an email. I just want to click that. I have problem. Please fix it, and it's fixed immediately. Yeah, yeah. So, so there is a lot of, a lot of things, obviously, obviously, this is MVP, so, you know, it doesn't matter at this stage, what we are focusing is slightly different. We just want to, we just want to have this basic functionality, right?

Speaker 1  33:33  
Yeah, it's just about the basic functionality. And then again, like testing the hypothesis of whether people are interested in betting on things that they're buying every day. So it's really interesting that you say that and and the reason why I'm much more interested in the negative feedback is because, first of all, I don't want to be working on something that no one's going to use. Second of all, it's the hypothesis and the insight stay the same. I'm still super bullish on gay on gambling becoming even more commoditized than it already. Is that people who, if you were sat in a Starbucks today, maybe one person, would have played online gambling in like five to 10 years, I'm envisioning that maybe half the room, or close to, close to, like maybe eight tenths of the people in the room would be, in some way, have dabbled in online gambling, and so that, plus the hypothesis that People will bet on everyday things that they're buying is the same. The product is flexible. The product is flexible. So this agile item thing, and then you use the AI to scan it, is just a little feature. Only took me like, yeah. Only took me like, What? Two days, three days to build and but if it's not something that's like, that doesn't contextualize, or weekly contextualizes what you're buying with the amount. Then, you know, it has to be switched.

Speaker 2  35:12  
You know what, if you're building this, like this, this type of products yourself, like fully, then, then definitely, we could create some sort of a crazy team, to be honest. Yes, because I was actually looking for somebody who, who can, you know, who could partner with me and then create, like a casino or project that could be something like related to mystery boxes. Yeah, I even have, like, a marketing strategy, business plan that is almost like ready to go, wow. So, so this is, this is interesting, but at the same time, I know that, you know, there is a lot of, maybe not a lot, but definitely there is, there is some money needed as well.

Speaker 1  36:00  
Exactly, exactly, oh no, no, no, we. And that's a lot of money, to be honest. It's kind of the I want to say it's like a catch 22 but it's like the opposite, in the sense that with these sort of projects, you need a lot of money to start, but there's so much money in the industry that talking to the right people, you can, you can get that money reasonably fast. I believe, I really do believe that, yeah, and then the upside, once you validate the consumer behavior and you're able to have metrics that say, Hey, we have this insight and this hypothesis, we've tested it. This is how we tested it, and this the results we think this is going to be big, scaling and getting money at that point after traction, so easy, especially in this industry too. So I mean, yeah, honestly, I would be interested in in discussing more with because with you about you know what, what what you're envisioning, and you know what unique insights you have into the product that you want to build, especially because you don't just have experience in online casinos, but specifically with my insight of contextualizing Real things with purchases. You have already lots of experience with that in in hype job. So, yeah, I mean, I'd be happy to discuss, like, you know, building something out with you and building something cool, because this is an industry I'm super interested in being involved in. So, and I guess the thing with, you know, with early founding teams, is, for me, I know that I can build products, but I don't know shit about scaling products and go to market strategies. I like to think I do. I don't. I literally don't. I have a friend who has told me everything I don't know about marketing, and it scares me, because I'm building products all the time, you know?

Speaker 2  38:04  
Yeah, I see, I see, I was, I was actually wondering how to also connect, like certain platform, with

Unknown Speaker  38:15  
with lotteries as well, because I was

Speaker 2  38:21  
at the early stage of my career, I was also working with World lottery club, and that's a platform where you could buy tickets for Powerball. It's you're based in Australia, right, correct, yeah, yeah. So in Australia, like 10 years ago, there was a crazy campaign about lotto land, okay, where they get, like, in single day, they get, like, I don't know, like, over 1 million clients, customers.

Unknown Speaker  38:50  
There was, like, a huge, huge

Speaker 2  38:55  
draw, Powerball draw. And, yeah, there was, they were selling the tickets. I was basically their biggest, like competitor in the UK. Yeah. So it's, it was, it was actually crazy. And I just know that, for example, if we managed to figure out how to create a platform that will connect lotteries with casino with real, let's say real items. Oh, that might that might be crazy, because nobody does that first thing and the second is, which is more more important is that you can get, you can get a lot of people who actually understand lottery, because lottery is basically like, there is almost like, in every country, there's like, there is like a monopoly on the lottery. So, so and you can get the customers who understand the system, like they you buy the ticket, you might win something that is crazy high value.

Unknown Speaker  39:56  
Yeah, it's and

Speaker 1  40:00  
the the premise and the rules, if you will, are very simple. Like you said, the barrier to entry for a new person who is not an avid gambler is much easier. You know, everyone knows about gambling and such. So even even with sorry, and even with with disco, the the there's a couple of steps that have to be included, you know, you have to say, Oh, well, you've got to upload this. And I get it. I get what you're saying. The steps are even for someone who wants to adopt it. It's, it's, it's a lot for the brain, especially when things are getting the friction on tech products is getting so small, right?

Speaker 2  40:40  
Yeah, and, and on top of the and on top of that, when you speak, when you will speak with people who played lottery a couple of times, and if you and they didn't play, let's say they played lottery, but they did, they didn't play sports betting or any casting of games at all in their life. And if you ask them, Are they gamblers or anything, they will say, No, I just played lottery. Yeah, there is like, like 99% they will say, No. They don't really connect lottery with gambling. And also, I know from my experience, because I was involved into the brand called multi lotto, and that was one of the biggest

Unknown Speaker  41:27  
in terms of the platform, biggest at the time

Speaker 2  41:31  
when it comes to the having, like a lotteries plus Casino. So it was like some sort of connection between those two,

Unknown Speaker  41:41  
yeah. What was the connection?

Speaker 2  41:43  
So, yeah, that was the first brand, first major brand that was connecting lottery with casino, okay, yeah, it, yeah. It was called multi lotto.com they developed they were very active in Sweden, that that was the biggest market. And the company was sold to Chinese, five hundred.com I don't remember exactly for how much, but it was, like, a close to 50 million euro, something like that. But it was like, like a 10 years ago,

Speaker 1  42:15  
yeah, that's crazy. And that, that would have been, and it was an online, yeah, online service like you see, and that's the 10 years ago, like that is, that's small money now, yeah,

Speaker 2  42:26  
but the thing is that not so many people actually remember that, and not so many people know this case. And I was there, obviously Chinese later, basically destroyed the component, but that's another story. Yeah. And the thing is that they were at multi Lotter. I was able to drive the lottery traffic to the page, so we were getting, like people who play lottery at a very low cost and then use the CRM tools, use email marketing, use retargeting and all this stuff on the page to basically convert them into the customer players for free. So normally, oh yes, like, if you are operating a customer, you have to pay, like CPA affiliates, high commission, etc. But when I had that connection between those two, I could acquire, like, hello, this is lottery. Lay the lottery and then convert them

Speaker 1  43:28  
into the house. That's so interesting. That's so interesting because the barrier to entry, not only financially to acquire those customers, but also psychologically, for people who would not want to associate with casino But consider themselves not gamblers because they bet on the lottery, you have maybe an order of magnitude, maybe 10x more people, because people more people use the lottery, but because you've already got those people who like lottery in the ecosystem, You pretty much I've already acquired those customers, and maybe 10% of them would actually move over to the casino, if you understand correctly. Yeah, wow, that's so interesting. Do you know, do you know lcmt? No, okay, let me that is LCM let me just make sure I've got it correct. So here the lcmt Plus, let me put it in the chat. Is the one of the most famous sweepstakes that only became popular in Australia. And I believe it's only in Australia. But the guy who created it, Adrian Portelli, is it's like a sweepstakes company where you can buy tickets or like a monthly subscription. So as you know, online gambling casinos is illegal in Australia. Yeah, right, but sweepstakes legislation operate differently to online casinos, and so he was able to create some sort of monthly subscription where you were given the opportunity to get tickets based on this monthly subscription to then select which prize pool you wanted to go into every month to win things like a Lamborghini, to win like property. Property is huge here. The property market is insane. The whole economy revolves around property here. So when this company was giving away $3 million house for the $40 a month in tickets, this guy became a billionaire in a couple of years. Absolutely crazy market. So I'm I actually one of the things that I wanted to do later on with, with disco, in some way, was to incorporate some sort of lottery context there. So I think we're, you know, we're definitely on the same page about that.

Speaker 2  45:52  
Yeah, interesting. I look, I didn't, didn't hurt about MCT. Plus, interesting, very interesting vertical, yeah, yeah.

Speaker 1  46:03  
Like, and, yeah, it's super interesting. And so, yeah, I mean, wish what I mean, you said you had, like, a business plan and stuff for something you were working on. I mean, is ready? Like, can you give me anything?

Speaker 2  46:19  
Just quickly, check take a look if it's actually ready.

Speaker 1  46:23  
Is it just your project? Sorry, is it just your project? Like it's just you that have been working on it so far, or anyone else?

Unknown Speaker  46:31  
Yeah, I was actually working with with

Speaker 2  46:35  
software developer that were supposed to build that he was, he's basically like a skilled in the AI programming, etc, okay, but at the same time he get a very well paid job, and yeah, basically said that won't be able to do it because of time.

Speaker 1  46:58  
Fair enough. Fair enough. I mean, one of the problems with as I know, because I used to be a non technical founder, and then I, I don't say, taught myself, but I understood how to build products. And so I ended up the and ended up learning how to code and build products myself. The advantage of that, there's, I guess, two things. The opportunity cost was not being good at what you do, is scaling products and customer retention stuff. The benefit was that my context over the product is far higher than it used to be, as someone who initially outsourced product development to an agency where you pretty much have no context over what's going on on the back end. You only can really see front end stuff, which is, if you're the owner of the product, it's kind of a scary thing to not understand how the back end functionality works. So and I have also been burnt in the past with software agencies building stuff. It's the information asymmetry is a is very high. So, yeah, I mean, yeah, tell me more about about what you're what you're thinking of building. Yeah.

Speaker 2  48:18  
I'm just trying to find out this Google Doc, because I know that I have, like, the whole strategy, like, created, or at least started. Maybe it wasn't like a finished, yeah, it's like a 40 pages document.

Unknown Speaker  48:35  
It's long, it's a manifesto.

Speaker 2  48:38  
Yeah, because I was, I was basically trying to describe, like, all functionalities and everything like, but

Unknown Speaker  48:48  
this is like in Polish,

Speaker 2  48:52  
in Polish language, because the other guy was also polish. So we were, and I didn't really, but let me, oh yeah, I'm not sure if this is the final one, because I remember that I had like, a couple of versions I and I remember that they also had, like an English version as well. Yeah, sure, yeah.

Speaker 1  49:11  
I wasn't really ready. You don't have to give me, like, the full spiel, maybe just, just like a, just like a general overview of, you know what it might be, and sort of what, what sort of your you're interested in it being. I mean that just from my understanding so far, it's sort of the context of combining lottery with some of the stuff that you learned from hype drop, right?

Speaker 2  49:37  
Yeah, yeah. Exactly, exactly. So that was, like an idea was to have, like a lottery as a loyalty feature and acquisition tool, and at the same time having like hydro functionality, like a case battle, you know, unboxing as a core feature, let's say, and, yeah, and that's, that's basically it I was, I was thinking like, how to connect that and have, like, I don't know, like, a smart contract or something like that, so people can actually verify, like, from any place in the world that the lottery, for example, that we are doing is, like, gonna pay out in case somebody, somebody win, or something like that. Okay, yeah, obviously, the plan was to start small and then scale. So it's like I wasn't planning, you know, to do something like win 1 million, and don't have the money to basically pay. So we were planning to start small and then scale over time. Yeah, yeah, but obviously it was like some sort of a connection between hydro and some lottery, including some lottery features, plus a gamification from platforms like,

Unknown Speaker  51:01  
from platforms like,

Unknown Speaker  51:04  
oh my god, I just forget the name. Maybe a lot of loot box, yeah, but

Speaker 2  51:09  
no, no, it was basically like something where you can just have like, whole story that drives you to reach, like, a level 100

Speaker 1  51:20  
something like that, right? Okay, so some sort of, basically, some sort of narrative, yeah,

Speaker 2  51:25  
exactly put, yeah, narrative. The whole marketing strategy was there,

Speaker 1  51:29  
okay, that is actually look, and that is sort of the thing that is really interesting. And I don't really have lots of experience in in creating that user narrative to not only get them to the site, but retain them in a way that, of course, is is fun and interesting, but at the same time, is familiar and is the patterns are something that they've seen before on different games and stuff, so they actually feel like they're not trying something holy new, because wholly new is kind of scary. If they've seen it before and they played something similar, they're more likely to feel at home on there, which

Speaker 2  52:12  
is, yeah, but I was also gonna use like a mechanism from multiplayer online games, sure, if you, if you familiar with those, but they are, like, highly addictive and, and they, they have, like, these, like a timers, like, for example, I don't know if you heard About all game. No, no. So basically, like, yeah, like, it's, it's, it's an online game where you have to bake, which you have to basically, like a check every couple of minutes. Because you might, you might get something at a specific time, somebody might attack you at a and it happens basically, like at a specific time. So, so you have a basically, like,

Unknown Speaker  53:03  
like, Clash of Clans. Maybe,

Speaker 1  53:06  
sorry, like Clash of Clans. Maybe, have you heard I didn't

Speaker 2  53:11  
play that? I didn't play that. I don't know exactly the mechanism, okay, yeah. But basically, like, let's say you visit the page, and then you you have a list of the actions that's going to happen in the future. And let's say there is like an action that you will receive a bonus in one hour, 25 minutes, 13 seconds, and it goes down every single second, and you can see it, and that bonus is available only for one minute, and it's free money the page. Then you get it if you are not then bye, that's cool. And then you have another bonus, for example, let's say deposit bonus, that is available for you, for, I don't know, like, five minutes, or something like that. And then, by doing these activities, you might, you may also create the experience where it's always, you have to visit the page always, because you don't know when you when you're gonna miss something.

Speaker 1  54:09  
Yeah, wow. And then while you're on there, you will play something, or you will play more, yeah, exactly.

Speaker 2  54:15  
And you can get, like, a free money, free game, free spin, free free ticket for all, and you don't want to miss those changes, chances to win, something real, yeah, so, yeah, something like that. So obviously, create the rush, sorry, tweet the story, and then implement like a mechanism, functionalities from from different places to the platform as well, so that could create something that is truly unique at the same time, like scale it, you know, and, yeah, I have some sort of vision in my, in my head. The problem is to transfer that exactly, you know, on the on the on the document, and how to how to explain that in in a simple way, so everybody is on the same page,

Speaker 1  55:05  
yeah, and that is, that is one of the hardest things about product, when there is so much dilution in features, and you know, lots of different things that you could possibly do, but then condensing it into a couple of words that is digestible, not only for product development, but also for early users, is like, is super difficult. So, yeah, I mean, I would, I mean, if you're in, I'll be honest, like, if you're interested right now, like, I'm reaching out to people to try and raise money to test this early hypothesis, right? Of people will be interested in gambling for everyday purchases, right? And so. But of course, like, I can't do it alone and and the product, again, I'm so flexible on the type of product in the execution, the way that it comes out is, is not how it looks at the moment, if that makes sense, right? This is just sort of the first iteration of how I envision it to be. So, you know, you know, with your experience in the industry, combined with how you know how to retain customers, plus the insights that you see into new USP, yeah, I would, I would be honestly, I would be interested in, just like talking more and just bouncing ideas off each other, and just seeing if something, you know, come, comes to fruition.

Speaker 2  56:46  
Yeah, yeah. I see, yeah, okay, I found, I found the final file in time. It's not finished, by the way. No, it's not finished yet, and it's in Polish.

Speaker 1  57:00  
I love him, unpolished. Unpolished is the best. I don't need polished ever,

Unknown Speaker  57:06  
because the because there is like,

Speaker 2  57:11  
there is like, also a lot of things from a legal perspective, that we need to take into consideration when building such a product, right? Because it's not only about creating something, it's also must be, must it must be something that we can advertise in specific countries.

Speaker 1  57:33  
Yes, yes, yeah. Oh, that's probably another question that I have so sort of with hype drop and some of the other products that you've worked on around advertising, how did you What was the primary channels? Was it? Was it streamers? Is that how you sort of got your

Speaker 2  57:55  
Yeah, streamers, like Google ads, Facebook, Instagram, programmatic retargeting, like display ads, content marketing,

Speaker 1  58:05  
and there was no issue. There was no issue that you had with Facebook ads or Google ads

Speaker 2  58:10  
to certain point. No, obviously it's, it's, it's really, you know, it really depends on what kind of actions will competitors will take, you know, because they want to take you down as quickly as possible. So they will report your ads, report, you know, try to convince staff that you are doing something illegal, etc, etc. So it's really important, you know, to be like, transparent and clear and have, like, a very motivated team. So I know, like, what kind of issues you might have from having, like, very aggressive competitors.

Speaker 1  58:53  
Okay, yes, yes. I mean and yeah, that is, like, the upside in this industry is very high, but competition is fierce, I imagine,

Speaker 2  59:01  
yeah, at the same time, if you, if you have a platform, platform that is like, you know, that offers some things, then you also need to obtain some legal opinions on the markets that you are working like. They need to verify if your business model is is actually good to go and, you know that, yeah, they need to figure out what potential changes you might need to apply in order to stay, to stay, basically within the legal framework,

Speaker 1  59:34  
or at least tread the edge of the legal framework, where you're operating in sort of a gray area. Because if think if we were going to launch something innovative, likely would have to be on the border of what was regulation and what was outside. And I think that with something like lmct Plus in Australia, that certainly treaded the line in some way. You know, was it within? Online gambling restrictions in Australia, like he's having, I wouldn't even say, relatively, he's having that many issues. Now, I think he's had a couple of legal issues, but really not so much so, yeah, I mean, for I'm pretty familiar with, I'm not, I'm not sure how clued up you are, on the on the legal stuff for products like this, I'm fairly across what, what is needed for an online casino such as disco or steak or rain bet, and the jurisdictions and the licenses that are needed. Do you know about, like, like, how much you need, and and, and the permissions, and what countries you can and can't operate in?

Speaker 2  1:00:46  
Or, yeah, it's, it's really depends, like, for example, if we talk about the biggest market, which is us, then obviously you need to have, like, a certain mechanism, like, for a sweepstakes, for example, and it's also not available in all states. So it's like, so yeah. And at the same time, also stake constantly have, like, legal issues, you know, because there is so many, yeah, so many, exactly what is that also wants to, you know, get some money from steak, because they know that steak is huge, yeah? So, yeah, it's like, even legal companies, they try to, you know, connect contact with the customers who lost some money with stake and then report them, try

Unknown Speaker  1:01:30  
to go,

Unknown Speaker  1:01:32  
it's crazy, yeah.

Speaker 2  1:01:34  
So, yeah, that's, that's really like crazy in terms of the licensing. Like, there is, like,

Unknown Speaker  1:01:42  
depending on the country, you might have, like, a different model,

Unknown Speaker  1:01:47  
like Malta, is probably like,

Speaker 2  1:01:50  
like a country where most, let's say, operators, get the license. But at the same time, I'm not sure if this is like the best, you know, for such a product, you know, so it's, it's

Speaker 1  1:02:01  
really, like, I have, it's really, I spoke to a compliance consultant just a couple of months ago just to do some de risking on licensing. And he had, he pretty much said it was, it was a great call he made. He works for making YouTube videos on compliance for new online gambling companies, and we jumped on a call, and he walked me through the entire process from which country to set up the holding company in, and then setting up so he was saying, Set up your your initial company in in Costa Rica, okay, yeah, Costa Rica. And then Costa Rica would be a parent company to a new company in in Cyprus, because Cyprus has payments the most, yeah, payment, yeah for payment structure, right? And then he was saying that. He was telling me about it was crazy. We're on the phone for like an hour and a half. And he was telling and he was telling me about the history of the prevalence of the Curacao license, and how for the longest time, that was the most mainstream license to acquire, but recently, through political changes for Curacao and agreements that they have bilateral agreements with different countries, they've had to, one, tighten up to make it more expensive. And three, the permissions on the license, I think, are a little bit less now. And he was saying that the more popular one that was coming through at the moment was the Anja Woy license, which gave you all the same permissions. And recently, I think evolution gaming allowed casinos with under one license to accept like third party games, which was a massive deal for the for the provider we're so, yeah, he was saying that it would be around 50,000 euros for the setup and for the license too, yeah.

Speaker 2  1:04:03  
That's, yeah, that's, that's basically like, yeah, I would, I would definitely agree with that. Some The problem is, for example, also with the operators like evolution gaming, is that they have also problems. I'm not, I'm not sure if you, if you, for example, read like recent sharehold, shareholder, shareholders reports from them. I haven't No, no, no. So basically they have, like they are under pressure from the UK Government regulator. They are facing like a situation where they might be

Unknown Speaker  1:04:38  
their license in the UK might be

Unknown Speaker  1:04:41  
invoked. Like, yeah. And

Speaker 2  1:04:44  
they face a situation where, if UK will do that, then they might also lose markets in Europe, wow. So yeah. And also they implemented recently, like, geo fencing, so for example, like, because they are under pressure from the UK that they were offering, like, live customer experience to people from the UK, from for customers that didn't really hold a license in the UK, right? So, for example, like they partner with some somebody from with the with the Curacao license, that Curacao license was illegally operating in the UK. They were advertising there, etc. And then they get the player, they accept them. And evolution was basically like a game that was available on that operator for the player from the

Unknown Speaker  1:05:38  
UK. Yeah, wow.

Speaker 2  1:05:40  
While they have so that, you know, and they basically had all these issues. And also recently, there was a report that all these, let's say, pressure, was also heated by their competitors. Play tech, really so so so play tech, also, like, was involved, you know, financially into creating the imports that evolution is providing, like, all these illegal, illegal stuff, you know, in a different way. So, so I'm just trying to explain, like, everybody, every operator that you see, like that is big right now has problems, yeah, and they have a lot of problems. So there is, like, a big difference when you're small, when you're growing, nobody see you, etc, and they ignore you because you're too small to make an impact. But once you reach certain level, then you need to have, like, a lot of lawyers around you and protect, protect the business, protect the people inside the company, because, because it's become risky, and they are like crazy in terms of what, what they can do. You know,

Speaker 1  1:06:56  
to be honest, I'm here for it. That is a good problem to have, in my opinion, if I'm, if my company is so big that I need a bunch of lawyers around me to, you know, aid me on what I can't do that. I mean, is that? What is that? Is that what you want, do you want to be in that situation? Because I do.

Speaker 2  1:07:15  
I see, I see, well, well, from my perspective, like, there is, like, for example, like, real example, in

Unknown Speaker  1:07:26  
in that case, for example, like,

Speaker 2  1:07:29  
there was also, like situation where we get, for example, involved with sponsorship deals. That was the biggest, one of the biggest in the industry, in terms of the eSports. It was a CS GO role with the G 2g 2e sports team. And there was also, like a very aggressive attack from the competitors on the on the live events. And let's say there was a tournament, there is, there is, like a live tournament. I don't I'm not sure that that was a final or something like that of CS country game, yeah, on the live stage. I don't know how many people was there on the stadium, and competitors were spreading, let's say, some information on the paper, like we're giving people some some notes on the entry that this event is conserved by serious girl, which is illegal, operating gaming activities, and it's approving, like underage people, etc, etc. And it was like, it was massive. You know, it was massive, basically like when g to find out, like that CS girl is attacked by their competitors. They also, like, cancel the sponsorship deals and yeah. So yeah, just to let you know, like, even when you try to scare you my face, like, a lot of a lot of attacks, you know, everybody,

Speaker 1  1:09:00  
basically, yeah, interesting, yeah. I mean, like, because the upside is so big, there's so many people who don't want you to succeed, right? Which is why, yeah, you need a lot of people who are on your side, who are on your team, who are aligned with the vision of the company, right? And you, most of, most importantly, are, are trustworthy, yeah?

Speaker 2  1:09:20  
And at the same time, I also know, like, because you are building this product yourself, so it's, you know, and it's, it's crazy. It's crazy because, for example, like a situation from, from, from hydro, they were scaling we, we just recently implemented, like a crypto deposits and and higher high ticket boxes. And just imagine, you're, you know, you're very proud of what you did, and you just get, like, a first million in revenue in a single week, and then you get stolen, you know, somebody stole from your crypto wallets, like 600,000 euro that supposed to be liquidity to withdraw. So just to let you know, like, what kind of issues you might face, even from internal people you know, from your team that are

Unknown Speaker  1:10:28  
quote, unquote trusted, you know, yeah.

Speaker 1  1:10:31  
And again, like a massive, a massive risk taking on people,

Speaker 2  1:10:35  
so, yeah. And then the problem is, for example, in such cases, is that for the security was responsible,

Unknown Speaker  1:10:44  
one person who was,

Speaker 2  1:10:47  
who was responsible for also, like building the platform software, etc. So it's like, and until this day, I have no idea it was him or was somebody else. It was. No one knows. No one snows. And this is also like, this is also something that is not building like a team spirit, you know, because I'm very like, I'm very honest guy, and I'm very like, proactive in terms of, you know, in terms of what potentially we should do, etc, to address all these, all these issues, etc. But at the same time, I know that, you know how important everything is, like, not just a single, single thing, but all these risks. You know that has to be addressed.

Speaker 1  1:11:35  
And I guess beginning one of the, one of the hard things to consider at the start, you've got, like, a balancing act of which precautions do you address early on to prevent these things from happening, but you can only implement them so far as it not stopping, you know, productivity in the company or scaling At a certain degree, right? Yeah.

Speaker 2  1:12:01  
It's also, like, just, you know, just to, yeah, because, for example, let's say I don't know, like, I have no idea what, what's gonna happen in the next year or two. Maybe, maybe we'll build something together, and let's say we have some investors, sure, yeah. And then suddenly, one day, we just lost, like a 600,000 euro, or, I don't know, 1 million euro from our wallets, one of our wallets, let's say, and what we gonna what we gonna do? Like, what are we gonna say to investors who supposed to

Unknown Speaker  1:12:37  
feel like good investments?

Speaker 1  1:12:39  
Well, I think, like the founding team is really important. I mean, of course, in regular tech products, you already have a degree of profiling that you need to do to be reasonably sure that the person you're partnering with is not, not only trustworthy, is only one factor. Are they competent with one? Are they? Are they likable? You know, Can you envision yourself spending more time with this person than your friends and your family? Potentially, right? Yeah, there is so many things to consider, and so even with a gaming product, it's even more intense, maybe a few times even more intense than a regular founding team, right? But at the same but you, of course, you already know that and the but at the same time, without this strong founding team, there is no product you know. There is no potential for scale or potential for it being a success, really, you know? So, yeah, the initial steps of something like this are probably more qualitative than quantitative. To be honest, there's a lot of competent people out there, you know, you've, I'm sure you've spoken to many, but there is probably far fewer that you would actually work with, that you would trust to not only share your ideas with, but spend your time and build something with.

Speaker 2  1:14:10  
Yeah, so yeah. Like, I'm wondering also one question from my side, like, So you spoke with with people that potentially could put them on the app for such a project like discord, that app,

Unknown Speaker  1:14:25  
what was the feedback?

Speaker 1  1:14:27  
The feedback at this stage? First of all, it's I've probably started in the only in the last six weeks. So the that question, you use WhatsApp? What do you use most to talk WhatsApp, Telegram, what do you use?

Speaker 2  1:14:43  
I use all of it. To be honest. I'm currently logged in on Slack, Telegram, WhatsApp, teams,

Unknown Speaker  1:14:49  
okay, well, we'll what we'll do? Well, we'll just,

Unknown Speaker  1:14:53  
you can add me on a telegram and WhatsApp,

Speaker 1  1:14:56  
yeah, well, I'll add you on both of those. What telegram is, it's great. I that's actually just that as an aside, the advent of telegram and that becoming mainstream is so crazy to me that in this in this ecosystem where just a chat app, to create such a USP for messaging app, is almost impossible. So for Telegram,

Unknown Speaker  1:15:23  
my ID from Telegram,

Speaker 1  1:15:26  
oh, yeah, I can see I'll add you when I when we I'll send you a message when we finish. Anyway, yeah, so, woy, yeah. So the initial responses, so that's something that I'll I'll keep you in the loop on over the next couple of weeks, I've got three more calls this week. Wait, sorry, no, five more calls this week with a couple of investors and then a couple of people who are just like operators or in the industry vested interest, people who are potentially people who would invest because they would benefit more from seeing someone win. So this like it's fundraising. I don't know if you have been through fundraising before. I've been through it once. With my previous marketplace that I created for selling online luxury watches, we did about a million dollars in revenue, and then I sort of realized that it wasn't the venture scale project that I wanted it to be. It was really just a marketplace where people could buy and sell watches with no real USP, as we've discussed, right? And that's good for just regular business every day. You know, a little bit of money here and there, but I don't know how much you like watches at all you're interested, but there's massive platform called Chrono 24 actually very big in Europe. And they, they have maybe half a million watches on there at one time, they do a few billion dollars in revenue per year. And to find a USP to compete with that is just it didn't eventuate. It didn't eventuate. So that. But anyway, raising money for that, you know, I learned that the money for projects like this, especially pre seed, when we we need it, because, let's be honest, well, for projects like this, we'd need funding early on, right? Yeah. So for a project like for getting funding early on in what is essentially the pre seed stage will not necessarily come from venture capital funds, because venture capital funds have X, Y, Z boxes they need to tick, and one of those boxes is usually traction. Can I put $1 in and receive $3 out? Generally, sometimes there are a few, especially in the gaming space, that invest in pre seed, where we will get money for a project like this, is vested interest markets. So the framing that I have on fundraising at the moment is Who is most likely to win from seeing my company win. So people who have been involved in projects beforehand. People who have been, yeah, have been a part of teams, and now want to have a stake in a new sort of casino. People who have been at the exact level at casinos, and, you know, have this particular insight as well, so that, yeah, that's I have these, probably, yeah, five meetings for the rest of the week that I have lined up. And they're with people like that, people in the industry, high net worth individuals, and I will continue to get feedback on it. And yeah, I mean to be honest with with early stage products like this, people invest in teams. They don't really invest in product so much because the product doesn't really have so much traction. So I think we should definitely keep talking, bro like we should definitely keep talking and keep fleshing ideas off of each other and see if it would be a good fit for us to work on something together. Because, you know, if I can build products and you know how to get customers, that is, to be honest, that's the foundation of early success.

Speaker 2  1:19:13  
Yeah, I know, I know. I know. That's why I'm really impressed, you know. And I was actually wondering, but to ask you one more question, but sure you kind of, you kind of answer that, because,

Unknown Speaker  1:19:29  
because, yeah, I was, I was wondering, like,

Speaker 2  1:19:33  
what do you do on a daily basis? Like, what do you do? You have a job or, but you said that you sold some sort of a business before, right?

Speaker 1  1:19:40  
Yeah, yeah. So, so I was, I was working full time at watchco, which was an online marketplace for luxury watches where you could buy and sell watches in Australia that had, again, like, some moderate success, but I've like, stepped away from that now, and I'm just, like, working on my own stuff. So I'm doing right now I'm doing consultancy for like web apps and workflow automations for companies. So if a company had a manual process that they wanted to automate, I would, I would jump in and flesh out the automation, then build it for them and implement it into their system. So pretty boring stuff, to be honest, but with the advent of AI in the last couple of years, the these processes are becoming super fun, super interesting to implement. And I think, like with your knowledge on retaining and acquiring customers, combined with some of my workflow automations that I've built, you know we could, we could build a lot of stuff on autopilot, which would be really, really interesting. So like, content generation, AI creative generation, that would have context on whatever product we build, which would mean that we wouldn't have to hire people for creative or hire people,

Speaker 2  1:20:57  
yeah, that's insane. That's really good. Like, I see a lot of value in this, to be honest. And, yeah, it's, it's a shame that I don't have a camera

Speaker 3  1:21:07  
right, because it's really, it's,

Speaker 2  1:21:11  
I didn't expect that I will meet such a person, to be honest. I have a good feelings about that. You know, me too.

Speaker 1  1:21:19  
Me too. Honestly. Honestly, I can, I can feel the energy through this green screen. I can see,

Speaker 2  1:21:26  
but such a shame that I'm currently based in Poland, to be honest. Because obviously, if I I'm sure, I'm sure like, certain that if we meet like, or if we leave like a next, you know, next to each other, you know, it's we could become like team. I just know that,

Speaker 1  1:21:47  
but I appreciate you saying that. And I think the benefit now is that with the stuff that we have access to, the distance isn't necessarily the biggest issue. And I think actually, if turning it into a positive, it would be a good test for trust, you know, if we were able to share, share, not only ideas, but share material, share content, not even being together, man, like, imagine if we were like, if we were Like, you know, neighbors or we were in the same place, like, it would be so much better, you know, because, but, yeah, no, super interesting. Because, yeah, I'd be like, the stuff that we have access now, like, with, again, with the advent of AI, the process automations that we can build, you know, it's actually the best time to be building products, because the founding team and the building of the early stage product doesn't have to be outsourced so much. You know, things like creative creating those engines for content creation, we don't have to outsource, you know, we can. We can do API connections to large language models that generate new content for us daily, and we just post them in Facebook ads and Google. There's lots of stuff that we can do autonomously, just through, like, just through us too, you know,

Unknown Speaker  1:23:15  
amazing. Like,

Speaker 2  1:23:18  
yeah. Like, let's look, let's Harry, let's stay in touch. And I will, I will try to translate my my business plan that

Unknown Speaker  1:23:30  
I already had, yes

Unknown Speaker  1:23:33  
and yeah. And I will try to,

Speaker 2  1:23:36  
maybe, I don't know, maybe, you know, in a week or something like that. Maybe we could catch up again.

Speaker 1  1:23:42  
100% we can catch up again. I'll be so we can go away. Just think about what each other said. Think about like, you know, any more ideas that we might have? I'll mess because this is pretty much for me right now. I'll tell you a little just quickly about I'm like, where I'm at. I'm sort of in a position where I want to be going all out on a project I have, of course, you need to pay for your subsistence, so I'm sure you know, you have your your you have, you know, your day job, I guess, or what you're working on. But, um, but aside from that, aside from that, and it's honestly smart for me, I did it the opposite way around, where I studied law, at university in London, actually, and at Queen Mary University. And I law was was very interesting for me. It was established my critical faculty so well, but it wasn't a job that I wanted to pursue as labor as my career. And and so I had a bit of an affinity with with watches. I saw some interesting insights into the watch market that people weren't really pursuing. And so I decided to start a become a tech founder and build my own marketplace. But Oh Holy shit. I learned so much stuff from doing that, and I lost so much money from being a non technical founder and trying to launch something that was effectively technical. That at the time, for like two or three years, was horrible, like I had an investor on board. He we set all the expectations about as to where the money was going to be allocated. Most of it was like product development, and pretty much long story short, like the software development company took my money and there was nothing I could do. There was no legal recourse, because the amount that I'd lost, which was about was about $30,000 was not enough to sort of pursue it. So So combined that, combined with not having agency over a product, which meant that you weren't able to set proper expectation for the investor, meant that the project was delayed far longer than it than it needed to be. So now I have all this information. I have these unique insights, not only about building products, but this affinity with launching something in the gaming industry that I kind of want to be working on it like almost full time, but it would be, it would be far better, if I'm honest, to be working on it with someone else. The multipliers of progress are just infinitely greater when you can work on it with someone else, right? So, yeah, we should, we should definitely keep in touch. And I'm thinking about this all the time, so I'll ping you. Just randomly, I'd be like, hey, like, I just saw this. What do you think of this? And, yeah,

Unknown Speaker  1:26:33  
absolutely. Okay, sweet.

Unknown Speaker  1:26:36  
Of course. Like, once I will have, like,

Unknown Speaker  1:26:40  
just, you know, give it, give me some time to think

Speaker 3  1:26:43  
about that. But no, no, no, of course, of course. Like, well, just from my perspective, like I will,

Speaker 2  1:26:51  
I will try to translate like a business plan that I already have, sweet into English and try to finish it. And then, you know, share with you sweet.

Speaker 1  1:27:00  
I really appreciate that too, because that takes a lot of trust. I mean, especially as you know as founders, when my friend actually is building a marketplace right now for he's a data engineer, and he's building a marketplace to buy and sell tennis gear. There's no tennis gear marketplace in Australia. So anyway, he's building that, and he's nervous about jumping on calls with people and telling people about his idea, because he's scared that people are gonna, like, take it. And I said, Call him. I said, Look, no one is no one cares about your idea. Everyone has got their own stuff going on. No one's gonna steal it. So that's like, one of the things that you know, first time founders are really worried about and so I've really appreciated that, you know, you obviously have worked quite hard on this idea, and you're willing to openly share it with me, knowing that, you know, we're sort of working on adjacent things. So of course, like, I'll be totally open with you, and I'll be the same, like, I don't have any like, barriers as to what I will share and what I won't share. The best way to be is just be open about, like, what I've learned and what I'm working on.

Speaker 2  1:28:10  
Yeah, so see so Yeah, sounds good. Like, I don't really have anything more that I could add right now. Let's just stay in touch on Telegram, WhatsApp, whatever. And, yeah, yes, perfect.

Speaker 1  1:28:25  
I look forward to there. Yeah, I think, well, let's we'll just go from there, see how we go. I'm very excited to hear more about the project that you've been developing. And, yeah, like I said, I'll ping you with stuff I'm working on. And, and, yeah, it was a great call,

Speaker 3  1:28:42  
perfect. Well, wish you great day.

Speaker 1  1:28:45  
Yeah, you too. Night. Here, it's 1030 1030 I'm going to bed. I'm going to bed now, okay, but great to jump on like it was. I wasn't expecting the call to be this good and connect with you like this. So, yeah, no, I appreciate it, my friend Perfect.

Speaker 3  1:29:02  
Thank you very much, Harry, soon. Thanks,

Unknown Speaker  1:29:05  
man, you too. Bye. You.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
